     The working directory is the "directory" you are working in at any
particular time.  It may be one of your personal directories or any directory
in the Multics system that you can go to.  When you first get on the computer
and are in your "home directory," that is your working directory.

     To refer to "segments" in your working directory, you need give only the
name of the segment.  When you wish to refer to segments in some other
directory, you must specify the path of directories between the working
directory and that segment.  For example, if you are working in directory_1
and want to print a segment that is located two directories from there, you
would type:

print directory_2>directory_3>segment

     To find out which directory you are working in, you use the print_wdir
"command."  It will print a line of directories; your working directory is the
one at the right hand end.  To find out what segments the directory contains,
simply type the list command without arguments.  You also use the list command
to find out which directories are immediately under the working directory.  To
do that, you type:

list -directories

     To try out these commands on the directory you're working in now, go to
"command level" by pressing the function key F2.
 


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
