     Speedtype is a form of shorthand you can use when you are creating a
"segment."  It enables you to type the text faster, and it usually improves
accuracy because you can abbreviate words that you commonly mistype.

     The abbreviations used for speedtyping are stored in a symbols
dictionary.  Such dictionaries are created with the use_symbols and
add_symbols commands.  The first establishes a named segment to hold the
symbols, and the second adds symbols to that segment.  Once you invoke the
use_symbols command with the name of a dictionary, all the speedtype commands
automatically refer to that symbols dictionary until you invoke use_symbols
with another dictionary's name.  For example: 

use_symbols my.symbols

add_symbols e the

The add_symbols command adds the abbreviation 'e' for 'the' to the dictionary
named 'my.symbols.'  All symbol dictionaries must have the suffix '.symbols'.

     Once you've created a segment using speedtyping symbols, you can expand
those symbols with the expand_symbols command.  Once again, this command will
use the dictionary most recently named by the use_symbols command.  For
example, if you used symbols from the my.symbols dictionary in
'letter_seg.fdocin', they would be expanded when you issued the command line:

expand_symbols letter_seg.fdocin

     There are also commands for listing, finding, changing, and deleting
symbols.  See the Guide to Multics WORDPRO For New Users (Order No. DJ18) or
the WORDPRO Reference Manual (Order No. AZ98) for more details.


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
