.fin
.all
     Qedx is a line editor designed to work on both video display terminals
and terminals that print on paper.  Qedx has two modes of operation--input
mode and edit mode.  When you are creating text, you use input mode.  To edit
text, you use edit mode.  As a line editor, it edits text line by line.  To
make additions, erasures, and changes, you specify a line number and use
"requests" to tell the editor what it is to do with the specified line.

     To illustrate this, let's look at a series of requests that change a
sentence in the segment named my_seg:
.fif

r my_seg
5p
Our meeting will not take place.
s/will/did/p
Our meeting did not take place.
.fin

The r request reads my_seg into the editor but does not automatically print
it, as Emacs does.  The request 5p specifies line 5 to be worked on and prints
it.  The s request specifies that the word 'will' is to be taken out and the
word 'did' put in its place, and the request 'p' again prints the new line.

     Qedx also has a macro facility that enables you to combine a number of
requests and execute them all at once and save them for later use.  In
addition, Qedx lets you work on several segments at the same time.  It does
this by keeping segments in separate buffers that you move between by
issuing requests.  This is handy for moving text around, comparing different
segments, and inserting text from one segment into another.

     To learn the details of editing with Qedx, see the qedx Text Editor
Users' Guide (Order No. CG40).


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
