     A command line is a line containing a "command" and any "arguments" that
go with the command, each separated by one or more blank spaces.  It is always
concluded by a carriage return.  For example:

list my_segment -name

is a command line.  It invokes the list command to list the "pathname"
my_segment.  It uses the "control argument" -name to specify that only the
names assigned to my_segment are to be listed and none of the other
information that is normally listed.

     When a command takes several arguments, the order in which the arguments
are typed is often significant.  Normally, pathname arguments follow
immediately after the command name and control arguments follow them.  But
there are exceptions. Then there are commands that accept more than one
pathname, and the order in which they appear is usually significant.  There
are also other types of arguments that may appear on a command line, and these
must be placed properly.  For these reasons it is wise to check the command
description when you are uncertain about the order of arguments for a command.

     A command line may consist of more than one command.  See the Multiple
Commands option in this menu.


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
