     The Emacs text editor is designed specifically for video display
terminals.  It automatically displays as much of a "segment" as will fit on the
screen and enables you to move the "cursor" to any point in the text.  At the
location of the cursor you can add, erase, and change text much as you do when
writing and erasing on paper.  You see the effects of your editing as you
type.

     The functions of editing are directed by "requests" that you execute by
using the ESCAPE and the CONTROL keys.  Almost all of the requests are made
with one or the other or both of these two keys.  The requests themselves are
not displayed on the screen, though.  In addition, Emacs has a macro facility
that enables you to combine a number of requests and execute them all at once.
Macros can also be saved.

     Emacs also lets you work on several segments at the same time.  It does
this by keeping segments in separate buffers that you move between by
issuing requests.  This is handy for comparing different segments and
inserting text from one segment into another.

     To learn the details of editing with Emacs, see the manuals Introduction
to Emacs Text Editor (Order No. CP31) and Emacs Editor Users' Guide (CH27).


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
