     A directory is a catalog of "segments." It serves like a file drawer,
with segments being the file folders in that drawer.  There are many
directories on Multics, some of them indigenous to Multics and others created
by users.  Each contains its own segments.  No two segments in a directory can
have the same name, but like-named segments can be kept in separate
directories.

     Directories also catalog other directories, thereby creating hierarchies
of directories.  For example, a directory named Smith could have three or
four directories under it, and those directories in turn could have
directories under them.  The hierarchy of a particular set of directories is
indicated by the greater-than character (>).  For example, the order of two
directories under Smith is:

Smith>directory_1>directory_a

This indicates that directory_1 is a directory under, or contained by, the
directory Smith and that directory_a is a directory under directory_1.
A segment contained in a directory would be in the last place in the line of
directories.  For example:

Smith>directory_1>directory_a>my_segment

If you wanted to indicate that the segment is in directory_1, you would
represent the hierarchy as follows:

Smith>directory_1>my_segment

A directory name cannot follow a segment name because directories are not
contained in segments.

     Directories are created with the create_dir "command." Names on
directories follow the same conventions as those on segments: they cannot
contain blank spaces and uppercase letters are distinguished from lowercase
letters.


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
