     In order to have messages printed as soon as they are sent to you, you
must be accepting messages.  Otherwise, the messages are saved until you
explicitly request that they be printed.  You arrange to have messages printed
on your terminal as they are sent by issuing the accept_messages "command." If
you prefer that they not be printed as they arrive, you issue the
defer_messages command.  Each of these commands remains in effect until the
other one is issued.

     If the accept_messages command is in effect, messages will appear on your
screen as follows:

From Smith.Marketing 11/16/82 1730.2 est Tue: I'll be there.

The message may wipe out something you've already typed, like a "command line,"
but actually the original lines are still there and you can proceed
accordingly.

     When defer_messages has been in effect and you wish to read messages that
may have come, you can use either the accept_messages or the print_messages
command.  If the former, you use the -print "control argument."  For example:

accept_messages -print

Of course, this also puts accept_messages into effect.  With the
print_messages command, you have much greater control over which messages are
printed and what part of them is printed.  For example:

print_messages -last

prints only the latest message received.


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
