.fin
.all
     Multics enables you to specify operations to be performed automatically
everytime you "log in," operations such as checking your mail and reading the
Multics message of the day.  These tasks are performed by your start_up.ec.
The suffix .ec stands for exec_com, which is a facility on Multics for
executing "commands" as a group.  To have this group of commands executed, you
must name the "segment" they are in start_up.ec, and you must place that
segment in your "home directory."

     Commands that many users include in their start_ups are:
.fif

abbrev -- so that you can use your personal "abbreviations" during each
          terminal session 
print_motd -- so that Multics prints the message of the day when you haven't
              seen it before
read_mail -- so that you are informed immediately how much mail you have
accept_messages -- so that you receive messages from other users while online
.fin

     If you want to log in without executing the commands in your start_up.ec,
you can use the -no_start_up "control argument" with the login command.

     To learn the details of constructing a start_up.ec, see Section 6 of the
New Users' Introduction to Multics, Part II (Order No. CH25).


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
