     Mail is written and sent with the send_mail "command," a powerful command
which gives you many options for editing, sending, and saving mail.  The
send_mail command works interactively, that is, instead of taking all
information from you on the command line, it prompts you for more information
and direction as you go.

     When sending mail, you can use either the recipient's name (e.g., Smith
or Jack Smith) or "user identification" (e.g., Smith.Marketing).  This name or
identification can be provided on the "command line" after the command, or it
can be provided interactively after the command has been invoked.

     When you are asked for input by the prompt 'send_mail:', there are a
number of "requests" you can issue to perform specific actions.  The best way
to understand this is to see it in action.  Go to command level by pressing
the function key F2.  Then type the send_mail command.  You will be asked to
provide a subject and to type the message.  Type any message you wish, and
when you are finished, type \fq and a carriage return at the beginning of a
new line.  To get a list of requests, type a question mark (?) in response to
the 'send_mail:' prompt.  When you are finished, use the send request to end
the message to yourself.  Whenever you are ready to return to the Tutorial,
leave send_mail by typing the quit request in response to a prompt and then
type pi when you've returned to command level.


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
