.fin
.all
     Getting onto the computer usually involves two steps: first you connect
the communication channel, and then you log into Multics.  The communication
channel is connected either from the terminal itself or by way of a telephone.
The exact method varies with each Multics site, so you will have to find out
the details from someone at your site.  In some cases, terminals are connected
directly to Multics so that you do not have to go through the process of
connecting the communication channel.  In any case, once your terminal is
connected to Multics, a two-line banner, such as the following, is displayed
across the top of the screen:

.fif
Multics MR10.2: Honeywell LCPD Phoenix, System M (Channel c.h118)
Load - 140.0 out of 210.0 units: users - 154, 12/14/83 1313.5 mst Wed
.fin

     Immediately below this banner, you type the login "command." In the
simplest invocation of this command, whose short name is the letter l, you
simply supply your "user name" and conclude with a carriage return:

l Smith

You will then be asked to type your password:
.fif

l Smith
Password:
.fin

When you finish typing your password, which, by the way, will not be
displayed, you conclude with another carriage return.

     There are, however, other things you can do while logging in.  If you are
registered on more that one project, you can supply the name of the project
you want to be logged in on.  For example:

l Smith Sales

Otherwise, you are logged in automatically to a predetermined project.

     You can also arrange to change your password by using the
-change_password "control argument" with the login command.  When you do this,
you will, of course, be asked to supply your current password in the usual
manner.  Then you will be asked twice to type the new password.  After that,
the new password will be your key to Multics.

     Sometimes you may log in on a terminal that is different from the type
you normally use, and you should tell Multics that you're doing so.  That way,
things printed on your screen will be formatted and otherwise displayed
properly.  This is done with the -terminal_type control argument.  To indicate
what type of terminal you have, you give the standard name of the terminal to
the control argument as follows:

l Smith -terminal_type VIP7801


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
