     Messages are sent with the send_message "command" (sm for short).  The
entire message is placed on one command line; by typing a carriage return at
the end, you send the message to its intended recipient.

     To send a message, you must know the recipient's "user identification"
(e.g., Smith.Marketing).  This identification is placed right after the
command itself, and this is followed by the message.  For example:

sm Smith.Marketing Did you hear about the meeting today?

     Instead of sending the message directly to the recipient, you can send it
to one of his or her mailboxes.  To do this, you use the -pathname "control
argument" in place of the user identification and give the "pathname" of the
mailbox as an "argument" to the control argument.  For example:

sm -pathname >udd>Marketing>Smith>Smith Did you hear about the meeting today?

This would send the message to Smith's regular mailbox.

     If you want to send the message to more than one recipient, you must
enclose the names in parentheses, as in the following example:

sm (Smith.Marketing Jones.Pubs) Don't forget the meeting.


                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
