


DATE:   08 November 1988

FROM:   Joe Hirneisen

TO:       Frank Martinson               Paul Benjamin
          Rich Fawcett                  Ron Barstad
          Gary Johnson                  Mary Morelli
          Lacy Johnson                  Al Dupuis
          Gary Dixon

RE:     FINAL REVIEW of Software Release Bulletin, MR12.2.


Please  review the  attached SRB   and where  appropriate ask  project
members  to also  review the  document.  Specific  attention should be
given  to insure that  all significant changes  are noted in  the SRB,
that all SCP  items included in this release have  been highlighted in
Section  2, and that  notices appear in  the proper section(s)  of the
SRB.

Comments  MUST  be  marked  on  this  hard  copy  and  returned to Joe
Hirneisen not  later than Friday, November  18, 1988.  This is  a VERY
FIRM SCHEDULE.  This schedule will be  followed blindly as a matter of
NEED  to allow  our documentation  group  to  do their  majic on  this
document.

This pass is the FINAL REVIEW.  Please provide ONLY TECHNICAL COMMENTS
(e.g., missing notice, a notice  should be moved from "Alpha-Number to
"Alpha-Number",  etc.).  The  documentation group  has always provided
excellent services in getting proper format, etc.

Thanks for your help.

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
