









                            SECTION 1


                           INTRODUCTION




Multics  Release  12.4  (MR12.4)  is  a  supplemental release and
assumes the  prior installation of MR12.3.  That  is, the library
tapes of MR12.3  a free standing release must  be installed prior
to installation of MR12.4.

This  document  includes  descriptions  of  features  included in
Multics Release MR12.4.  Both SRB  and SIB are combined into this
document,  instructions for installing  MR12.4 are included  in a
later section.

Additional  documentation,  including  a  list  of  bugs fixed in
MR12.4, is provided with the release tapes, as printable segments
on  the tape in  a special directory  >doc>MR12.4.  or as  errata
info segsments.  Software Releases prior  to MR12.1 are no longer
supported.   All sites  running pre-MR12.3  software are strongly
encouraged to upgrade to MR12.3 as soon as possible.


_S_I_T_E _S_U_P_P_O_R_T


System  Representatives  who  support  Multics  should  apply for
registration  on  the  SiteSA  project  maintained  in Phoenix on
System M.

The SiteSA project was created to allow sites to communicate with
Support  personnel  on  matters  of  site  support.   Only System
Representatives who support a Multics  site are authorized to use
the project.  They are authorized to use it only for site support
activities which require communication  of information to support
personnel.

SiteSAs   should   maintain   their   site's   info  segments  in
>udd>SiteSA>site_info (>udd>ssa>si).   Information on maintaining
these      segments     is      in     the      info     segment,
>udd>ssa>si>site_info.info.




DRAFT:  MAY BE CHANGED         1-1           10/03/90     SRB12.4


In addition  to normal telephone and  Multics mail communications
with  support  personnel,  SiteSAs  are  encouraged  to  use  the
unusual_crash_log  forum meeting  to report  any unusual problems
encountered at  their site.  SiteSAs not familiar  with forum can
type "help  forum" for usage  information.  Forum is  a subsystem
somewhat like the mail system  in which an electronic meeting can
be held.  To invoke forum, type:

   forum >udd>ssa>sa_meeting>uclog

Type  ?  to  print a  list of  requests allowed  by forum.  Other
forum meetings of interest to SiteSAs are:

            PATHNAME                              SHORT NAME
   ---------------------------------------------  ----------

   >udd>ssa>sa_meeting>install_instructions       ii
   >udd>ssa>sa_meeting>hardware_problems          hwp
   >udd>ssa>sa_meeting>critical_fixes             fixes

We would  appreciate that sites as they  complete installation of
MR12.4 enter a transaction in the install_instructions (ii) forum
meeting.   This  will  allow  other  sites  to  see the amount of
exposure the release is receiving and to communicate any problems
encountered in the installation procedure.

Support also suggest, very strongly,  that SiteSAs DO NOT attempt
to reproduce site  problems on System M which are  known to crash
the  system at their  site, cause processors  to loop in  ring 0,
etc.   Such problems  should be  reported via  the Trouble Report
system, and  will be verified by MSS  personnel using appropriate
resources,   so  that  System   M  service  is   not  interrupted
unnecessarily.

Problems encountered  while installing this release,  or problems
of  a critical  nature to  a customer  site (for  a definition of
critical,  type:  help tr.priorities)  should be reported  to the
list below:

  NAME                  AREA            USER ID       PHONE

  Daniel Fudge          Mgr, ACTC
                        Release Prep    Fudge.sm       403/295-5900
  Ward Anderson         Site Support    WAAnderson.sm  403/295-5900
  Dave Schroth          Site Support
                        Release Prep    Schroth.sm       403/295-5900









DRAFT:  MAY BE CHANGED         1-2           10/03/90     SRB12.4


Following  is a  summary of   the remaining  of sections  in this
document.

     Section 2
          describes significant software changes

     Section 3
          trs fixed in MR12.4

     Section 4
          describes significant fco and firmware status

     Section 5
          describes installation instructions

     Appendix A
          describes the associated documentation

     Appendix B
          module changes



































DRAFT:  MAY BE CHANGED         1-3           10/03/90     SRB12.4

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------


Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is provided and donated
to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. 
as a contribution to computer science knowledge.  
This donation is made also to give evidence of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL
and BULL HN Information Systems Inc. to the development of this operating system. 
Multics development was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC (1963-1970),
renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership
of Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the best software architecture 
for managing computer hardware properly and for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems 
incorporated Multics principles.
Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 
as successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted,provided that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all copies
and that both the copyright notice and historical background and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the programs without specific prior written permission.
    Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
    Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
    All Rights Reserved
